with raging blast 2 announced I figure I
might as well take the time to go over
what I would like to see added or fixed
about it from the previous game now I
won't cover things like the characters
and stages as those are just Givens
first up there is an item to give any
character a halo lightning aura take no
battle damage start without a Scouter
and many different auras so why isn't
there an item to start with battle
damage this would just complete the list
of cosmetic items to add to the game on
top of that there should be two of them
one for light damage and the other for
heavy damage there are two different
levels so we should have the option to
have both from the start this doesn't
affect stats in any way so there really
is no point not having them speaking of
items another thing I would like to see
your items that we can characters when
equipped I know this sounds weird but
hear me out with being able to equip
items for online making a whole bunch of
godly items would screw that up but if
you made items that simply make
characters weaker you could have much
more control over how you set up your
custom characters without screwing over
online another thing about setups is the
option to simply change your ultimate
like you can supers this would be much
simpler and easier than having set items
that change goku's ultimate with this
you could take Scouter Vegeta and simply
make him another costume for vegeta as
for things to fix well first of all make
disconnecting an online punish the
person sure there might be times when
you actually disconnect and it would
suck but that compared to it being
abused is well worth the price I am sure
the vast majority of you can agree with
me about that another thing that really
needs to be fixed is the hit detection
anyone ever been behind or to the side
of someone and gotten hit by a beam yeah
it sucks it needs to be fixed as for the
camera fairly easy fix just zoom out a
little that simple change would be an
improvement but just so no one says I'm
contradicting myself I still don't see
the camera as a big problem that pretty
much sums up
my list of things I would like to see
change the most apart from the obvious
things like more mini games so the
punching machine doesn't feel so out of
place also since there is only one
little skin with like for screenshots
known I really can't comment on the game
itself right now so I will just simply
in the video here